Add paragraph on implementing custom resolvers for subscribers (#811)
patchlevel/event-sourcing: docs/pages/subscription.md

    }
}
```

##### Custom Resolvers

You can provide your own argument resolvers by implementing the `ArgumentResolver` interface. 

> This can be useful to provide direct access to custom headers or any other third party.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can provide your own argument resolvers by implementing the `ArgumentResolver` interface.
This can be useful for providing direct access to custom headers or other third party headers.
```

Author: This is not limited to headers but any kind of data / service (these should be injected through the constructor though). Added this as `data`

Reviewer: That's true, as e.g. the `Lookup` is also handled via an `ArgumentResolver`.
